src/main/java/core/CreditCardValidation.java:6:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/core/CreditCardValidation.java:6:	The class 'CreditCardValidation' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 7 (Highest = 22).
src/main/java/core/CreditCardValidation.java:6:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/core/CreditCardValidation.java:8:	Parameter 'cc_number' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/core/CreditCardValidation.java:8:	Parameter 'cc_type' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/core/CreditCardValidation.java:8:	The method 'type' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 22.
src/main/java/core/CreditCardValidation.java:8:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/core/CreditCardValidation.java:9:	Local variable 'number' could be declared final
src/main/java/core/CreditCardValidation.java:9:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/core/CreditCardValidation.java:10:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/core/CreditCardValidation.java:10:	Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/core/CreditCardValidation.java:10:	This call to String.startsWith can be rewritten using String.charAt(0)
src/main/java/core/CreditCardValidation.java:11:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/core/CreditCardValidation.java:11:	Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/core/CreditCardValidation.java:12:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/core/CreditCardValidation.java:12:	Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/core/CreditCardValidation.java:13:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/core/CreditCardValidation.java:13:	Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning booleans
src/main/java/core/CreditCardValidation.java:13:	Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/core/CreditCardValidation.java:17:	Parameter 'cc_number' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/core/CreditCardValidation.java:17:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/core/CreditCardValidation.java:18:	Local variable 'number' could be declared final
src/main/java/core/CreditCardValidation.java:18:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/core/CreditCardValidation.java:19:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'swap' (lines '19'-'25').
src/main/java/core/CreditCardValidation.java:22:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/core/CreditCardValidation.java:24:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/core/CreditCardValidation.java:27:	Parameter 'cc_exp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/core/CreditCardValidation.java:27:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/core/CreditCardValidation.java:28:	Avoid variables with short names like ts
src/main/java/core/CreditCardValidation.java:28:	Local variable 'ts' could be declared final
src/main/java/core/CreditCardValidation.java:29:	Local variable 'exp' could be declared final
src/main/java/core/CreditCardValidation.java:30:	Local variable 'today' could be declared final
src/main/java/core/CreditCardValidation.java:30:	No need to call String.valueOf to append to a string.
src/main/java/core/CreditCardValidation.java:30:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/core/CreditCardValidation.java:30:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/core/CreditCardValidation.java:30:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/core/CreditCardValidation.java:30:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/core/CreditCardValidation.java:30:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/core/CreditCardValidation.java:30:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/core/CreditCardValidation.java:30:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/core/CreditCardValidation.java:30:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/core/CreditCardValidation.java:30:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/core/CreditCardValidation.java:30:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/core/CreditCardValidation.java:30:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/core/CreditCardValidation.java:30:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/core/CreditCardValidation.java:30:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/core/CreditCardValidation.java:34:	Parameter 'cc_cvv' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/core/CreditCardValidation.java:34:	Parameter 'cc_type' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/core/CreditCardValidation.java:34:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/core/CreditCardValidation.java:35:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/core/CreditCardValidation.java:35:	Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/core/CreditCardValidation.java:39:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/core/CreditCardValidation.java:39:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/core/CreditCardValidation.java:41:	Local variable 'csvFile' could be declared final
src/main/java/core/CreditCardValidation.java:42:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'line' (lines '42'-'45').
src/main/java/core/CreditCardValidation.java:43:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'delimiter' (lines '43'-'54').
src/main/java/core/CreditCardValidation.java:43:	Local variable 'delimiter' could be declared final
src/main/java/core/CreditCardValidation.java:44:	Avoid variables with short names like br
src/main/java/core/CreditCardValidation.java:44:	Local variable 'br' could be declared final
src/main/java/core/CreditCardValidation.java:45:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'line' (lines '45'-'54').
src/main/java/core/CreditCardValidation.java:46:	Local variable 'csv' could be declared final
src/main/java/core/CreditCardValidation.java:46:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/core/CreditCardValidation.java:47:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/core/CreditCardValidation.java:47:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/core/CreditCardValidation.java:47:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/core/CreditCardValidation.java:47:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/core/CreditCardValidation.java:47:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/core/CreditCardValidation.java:47:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/core/CreditCardValidation.java:47:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/core/CreditCardValidation.java:48:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/core/CreditCardValidation.java:48:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/core/CreditCardValidation.java:49:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/core/CreditCardValidation.java:50:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/core/CreditCardValidation.java:50:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/core/CreditCardValidation.java:51:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/core/CreditCardValidation.java:51:	Useless parentheses.
src/test/java/core/CreditCardValidationTest.java:9:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/core/CreditCardValidationTest.java:9:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/core/CreditCardValidationTest.java:10:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/core/CreditCardValidationTest.java:10:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the csvFile field if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/core/CreditCardValidationTest.java:10:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/core/CreditCardValidationTest.java:10:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/core/CreditCardValidationTest.java:13:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/core/CreditCardValidationTest.java:14:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cvsLine' (lines '14'-'18').
src/test/java/core/CreditCardValidationTest.java:15:	Avoid variables with short names like a
src/test/java/core/CreditCardValidationTest.java:15:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'a' (lines '15'-'19').
src/test/java/core/CreditCardValidationTest.java:15:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'a' (lines '15'-'22').
src/test/java/core/CreditCardValidationTest.java:16:	Avoid variables with short names like al
src/test/java/core/CreditCardValidationTest.java:16:	Local variable 'al' could be declared final
src/test/java/core/CreditCardValidationTest.java:17:	Avoid variables with short names like br
src/test/java/core/CreditCardValidationTest.java:17:	Local variable 'br' could be declared final
src/test/java/core/CreditCardValidationTest.java:18:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cvsLine' (lines '18'-'22').
src/test/java/core/CreditCardValidationTest.java:19:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/core/CreditCardValidationTest.java:25:	Parameter 'cc_cvv' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/core/CreditCardValidationTest.java:25:	Parameter 'cc_exp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/core/CreditCardValidationTest.java:25:	Parameter 'cc_number' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/core/CreditCardValidationTest.java:25:	Parameter 'cc_type' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/core/CreditCardValidationTest.java:25:	Rather than using a lot of String arguments, consider using a container object for those values.
src/test/java/core/CreditCardValidationTest.java:25:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/core/CreditCardValidationTest.java:30:	Parameter 'cc_cvv' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/core/CreditCardValidationTest.java:30:	Parameter 'cc_exp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/core/CreditCardValidationTest.java:30:	Parameter 'cc_number' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/core/CreditCardValidationTest.java:30:	Parameter 'cc_type' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/core/CreditCardValidationTest.java:30:	Rather than using a lot of String arguments, consider using a container object for those values.
src/test/java/core/CreditCardValidationTest.java:30:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/core/CreditCardValidationTest.java:35:	Parameter 'cc_cvv' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/core/CreditCardValidationTest.java:35:	Parameter 'cc_exp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/core/CreditCardValidationTest.java:35:	Parameter 'cc_number' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/core/CreditCardValidationTest.java:35:	Parameter 'cc_type' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/core/CreditCardValidationTest.java:35:	Rather than using a lot of String arguments, consider using a container object for those values.
src/test/java/core/CreditCardValidationTest.java:35:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/core/CreditCardValidationTest.java:40:	Parameter 'cc_cvv' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/core/CreditCardValidationTest.java:40:	Parameter 'cc_exp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/core/CreditCardValidationTest.java:40:	Parameter 'cc_number' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/core/CreditCardValidationTest.java:40:	Parameter 'cc_type' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/core/CreditCardValidationTest.java:40:	Rather than using a lot of String arguments, consider using a container object for those values.
src/test/java/core/CreditCardValidationTest.java:40:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/core/CreditCardValidationTest.java:44:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/core/CreditCardValidationTest.java:47:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/core/CreditCardValidationTest.java:48:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'a'.
src/test/java/core/CreditCardValidationTest.java:48:	Avoid variables with short names like a
src/test/java/core/CreditCardValidationTest.java:48:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'a' (lines '48'-'48').
src/test/java/core/CreditCardValidationTest.java:48:	Local variable 'a' could be declared final
